everything started a battle to get the games since she was
donor
what's up
my wife came into the picture
fighting warrior
traditional corrêa
the target was already separated
of proof someone else in são bernardo do campo
the confusion
but the family
When did you know of my need?
the boys declare that we will donate procel varela and to my happiness
is that the law has changed too
there is a Belgian today
which determines
formerly had 7 thousand
I ask the writing
and you in the number 7000 1 70 waited 7 thousand
today has no transplant
it is the severity of the person
in the most serious cases
children and the most serious cases of fini the priority of abes
that will fight for the content family will decide what is for me is very cheap
the doctor says they did not deliver
the confusion
here enter our lawyers of the recall
with
an injunction
let's go after the judge the judge
the judge
disappeared outside closed in general were dispatched
and there I saw now a monthly travel companion
of sorocaba who thinks it was a judge we searched at home
the judge gave the preliminary injunction granted to the injunction
this boys signed
hehehe the judge grants the injunction
vote can remove the doctor says I will not give new union
I do not want to know about an injunction
the account owes citizenship
Call me the concentration
We activated the health department to the police.
yesterday the police were fired
and forced
the hospital auditor
sign
deliver the small
now delivered it is extracted and there delivered air
the secretary of health
and the doctor who will do the transplant he can not put the decision
while not receiving authorization
from the health department